[Connector-V2][Doc] Add File Sink Connector V2 document (#2120)
apache/incubator-seatunnel: docs/en/connector-v2/sink/File.mdx

| is_partition_field_write_in_file  | boolean| no       | false                                                         |
| sink_columns                      | array  | no       | When this parameter is empty, all fields are sink columns     |
| is_enable_transaction             | boolean| no       | true                                                          |
| save_mode                         | string | no       | "error"                                                       |

### path [string]

The target dir path is required. The `hdfs file` starts with `hdfs://` , and the `local file` starts with `file://`,

### file_name_expression [string]

`file_name_expression` describes the file expression which will be created into the `path`. We can add the variable `${now}` or `${uuid}` in the `file_name_expression`, like `test_${uuid}_${now}`,
`${now}` represents the current time, and its format can be defined by specifying the option `filename_time_format`.

Please note that, If `is_enable_transaction` is `true`, we will auto add `${transactionId}_` in the head of the file.

### file_format [string]

We supported `file_format` is `text`.

> Please note that, The final file name will ends with the file_format`s suffix, the suffix of the text file is `txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that, The final file name will ends with the file_format's suffix, the suffix of the text file is `txt`.
```

| is_partition_field_write_in_file  | boolean| no       | false                                                         |
| sink_columns                      | array  | no       | When this parameter is empty, all fields are sink columns     |
| is_enable_transaction             | boolean| no       | true                                                          |
| save_mode                         | string | no       | "error"                                                       |

### path [string]

The target dir path is required. The `hdfs file` starts with `hdfs://` , and the `local file` starts with `file://`,

### file_name_expression [string]

`file_name_expression` describes the file expression which will be created into the `path`. We can add the variable `${now}` or `${uuid}` in the `file_name_expression`, like `test_${uuid}_${now}`,
`${now}` represents the current time, and its format can be defined by specifying the option `filename_time_format`.

Please note that, If `is_enable_transaction` is `true`, we will auto add `${transactionId}_` in the head of the file.

### file_format [string]

We supported `file_format` is `text`.

> Please note that, The final file name will ends with the file_format`s suffix, the suffix of the text file is `txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that, The final file name will ends with the file_format's suffix, the suffix of the text file is `txt`.
```

Reviewer: Another one I missed.
